Update Documentation (#22)
giantswarm/workload-identity-operator-gcp: README.md

## Introduction

[Workload identity](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/workload-identity-federation) gives a workload app the ability to exchange an OAuth token, acquired from some external identity provider, for a GCP access token.
The application can use this access token to use whatever resources it needs on GCP.

> Workload Identity allows a Kubernetes service account in your GKE cluster to act as an IAM service account.
> Pods that use the configured Kubernetes service account automatically authenticate as the IAM service account when accessing Google Cloud APIs.
> Using Workload Identity allows you to assign distinct, fine-grained identities and authorization for each application in your cluster.

## Concepts

This operator is set up to work on a multi-cluster setup. What is a multi-cluster setup?

> Multi-cluster Kubernetes is a Kubernetes deployment method that consists of two or more clusters.

> It operates on the notion of management and workload clusters. Where a management cluster manages the lifecycle of a workload cluster and vice versa.

Reviewer: nitpick :grimacing: 

> Where a management cluster manages the lifecycle of a workload cluster and vice versa.

"and vice versa"? Would that mean that a workload cluster manages the lifecycle of a management cluster?

Author: 😄 No, I mean't that a workload cluster has their lifecycle managed by a management cluster. 
I've updated it to be more akin to that found here - https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/user/concepts.html

    --namespace $KUBE_NAMESPACE
```

##### 2 [Create a GCP service account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-accounts#creating) or 

```
export GOOGLE_SA_NAME="<insert-gcp-service-account-name-here>"
gcloud iam service-accounts create "$GOOGLE_SA_NAME" --project="$GCP_PROJECT_NAME"
```

> ##### 3 Ensure that your GCP service account has the roles that you need. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### 3 Give the Kubernetes Service Account permission to impersonate the GCP Service Account
```

    --member="serviceAccount:$WORKLOAD_ID_POOL[$KUBE_NAMESPACE/$KUBE_SA_NAME]"
```

> ##### 4 Add computer viewer permissions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### 4 Ensure that your GCP service account has the roles that the workload will need.

Example: Add the `compute.viewer` role:
```
